welcome to module 5 lesson two rules of
testing engagement without clearly
defined rules for testing you're either
going to POS things prematurely or
you're going to scale too early your
emotions will be driving your decisions
and not logic and remember going back to
lesson two secrets of the top 1% of
advertisers the best advertisers think
like investors and they execute like
scientists so rational thinking is key
now the first step for figuring out your
rules of testing engagement is to find
your break even cost because ultimately
every marketer's goal is to drive more
Pipeline and revenue so we want to start
by working backwards from revenue to
find our break even costs so for Break
Even cost per lead the way this works is
you're going to take your average deal
size and you're going to multiply that
towards your lead to close one rate so
for example if I have an average deal
size of $3,000 I'll multiply that by 10%
which is my lead to close one rate and
I'll have a $300 Break Even cost per
lead this is really helpful so I know
now when I'm making my optimization
decisions I can spend up to
$300 to break even so anything after 300
now I'm going to start to lose money you
could even take it a step further if
needed and you can figure out your break
even cost per click so now if you're
using certain bid strategies if you're
using manual bidding this can inform
what you're willing to pay the channel
so when it comes to figure out your
break even cost per click you're going
to take that break even cost per lead
Target and you're going to multiply it
times your landing page conversion rate
or your for form conversion rate if
you're using leaden forms so for example
will take $300 we'll multiply that times
5% and we'll have a $15 Break Even cost
for click and with these Break Even cost
in hand now you are ready to set your
rules of testing engagement so when it
comes to creating your rules these are
there's no shortage of rules there's all
kinds of rules but really there's two
that I wanted to cover in this course
that I use all the time and the first
one is our non-performer rule so the
non-performer rule is how you're going
to make decisions on whether you're
going to pause an ad if it's not
performing so the rule works like this
you're going to pause the ad if it's
spent 2 to 3x your target cost per lead
with zero conversions so going back to
our example if uh our ad has spent
alltime $300 and that's the Target and
we spent $600 $900 and we've gotten zero
leads zero conversions whatever it might
be we're going to go and pause that so
again this removes the emotional bias
right so I know my break even is 300 I'm
going to allow to spend 2 to 3x it
spends $600 to $900 Max it had its fair
shot it's getting paused again this
helps remove the bias which is so
incredibly important because most of us
we log into our ads manager one day our
spend is up we haven't gotone anything
we freak out we pause it too soon or on
the flip side we think it's going to
work because we have bias and we just
let it run too long and we're just
bleeding money the second rule is your
maintenance rule so this is going to
help you when you had an ad that was
performing good at one point but then it
started to reduce its performance over
time maybe because of fatigue but it's
no longer performing so the way this one
works is you're going to pause the ad if
your cost per lead your target is 1.5 to
2x over what you're trying to go for so
for example over the last 7 to 14 days
depending on your volume is the current
ad cost per lead between $450 or $600 if
it is we're going to pause it cuz if our
goal is 300 uh 450 is 1.5x 600 is 2x so
the main takeaway here is is I'm using
this to ground my decision- making so
somebody asks me why did I pause that ad
it is based on logic and not just
emotion now this isn't statistically
significant but it is an easy approach
that you can follow repeatedly that will
prevent pausing ads prematurely or
scaling out of emotion and not logic now
you can even automate some of these
actions for certain channels with
automated rules but we'll have more on
that in future courses when we go over
certain channels and if if you want to
help us prioritize which courses we
should create go ahead and submit your
feedback in our public road map which
you can find in your course resource
section so your action em for this
lesson is to create your rules of
testing engagement by first figuring out
your break even cper lead and break even
cosper click if you found value from
this course of this lesson please help
us out by sharing with a friend or a
colleague or leave us testimonial thank
you so much see you in the next one